---
lang: zh-CN
title: A Difficult Person
description: some description
---

# A Difficult Person

Vikram and Priti are enjoying a peaceful breakfast.

Suddenly, a car horn beeps loudly outside their house.

- **Priti**: Who is making all of that noise so early in the morning?
- **Vikram**: That must be Justin.
- **Priti**: Your old college roommate?
- **Vikram**: Yes. I'm giving him a tour of the city today. He wants to buy a place here.
- **Priti**: You don't seem very excited.
- **Vikram**: Well, Justin is a difficult person. He's very ...

The horn beeps four more times.

- **Priti**: Rude?

Vikram goes outside and sees Justin in a shiny new car.

Justin is wearing expensive designer clothes.

- **Justin**: Vikram! Wow. I forgot how small your house was! I keep telling you to get a bigger house, like mine!
- **Vikram**: Yes, I know. You sent me photos of your house... and your cars... and your boat.
- **Justin**: Should we take your car or mine?
- **Vikram**: I don't mind driving —

Justin suddenly starts laughing.

- **Justin**: I'm joking! We're not going to take your old car! Mine is much nicer!

Justin plays extremely loud music as they drive around town.

- **Vikram**: Maybe you'd like to buy a place near the park?

Justin turns down his music.

- **Justin**: Sorry! I couldn't hear you! The speakers in this new car are so loud!
- **Vikram**: Never mind.
  - Maybe you'll like downtown. That's where the clubs and restaurants are.

Vikram and Justin drive downtown. They get out of the car and walk around.

- **Justin**: The restaurants in my city are much cooler than these.
  - And the people are more fashionable.
  - I really live in the best city in the world!
- **Vikram**: Then why are you buying a place here?
- **Justin**: Because I don't have any friends there.

---

### Sentences

- Vikram and Justin drive downtown. They get out of the car and walk around.
  - **Suggested Polishes:**
  - Vikram and Justin drive downtown, **then** get out of the car **to** walk around.
- The horn beeps four more times.
  - **Suggested Polishes:**
  - The horn **honks** four more times.
  - (_"Honks"_ is sometimes considered a stronger sound word for cars.)
  - 英 /'hɒŋk/ 美 /hɑŋk/

---

### Vocabulary

- car horn: 汽车喇叭
- disinterested: 冷漠的
