---
lang: zh-CN
title: A Perfect Anniversary
description: some description
---

# A Perfect Anniversary

Vikram walks into a jewelry store.

- **Sales**: Hello, how can I help you?
- **Vikram**: Hi! I need help with something very special.
  - I just drove all the way to this city. Twenty years ago, I met my wife here!
- **Sales**: Wow! Twenty years is such a long time!
- **Vikram**: Yes, it is! I'm planning the perfect anniversary.
- **Sales**: Great, I can help you with that!
- **Vikram**: Thanks! So, I'm looking for ...
- **Sales**: Don't tell me! I already know.
- **Vikram**: You do?
- **Sales**: Yes! You need a silver necklace! You can take your wife on a boat at sunset and give it to her. That will be very romantic.
- **Vikram**: Actually, no ...
- **Sales**: You're right. The anniversary has to be perfect.
  - A gold necklace is much better!
- **Vikram**: No, no...
- **Sales**: Earrings? Look at these beautiful diamond earrings here.
- **Vikram**: Diamond earrings? No. We don't usually spend more than five dollars on anniversary presents.
- **Sales**: What?
- **Vikram**: We love each other and we don't care about fancy presents.
- **Sales**: Then why are you in a jewelry store?

Vikram takes a **napkin** out of his pocket. It has the name of a sandwich shop on it.

- **Vikram**: Do you know where this sandwich shop is? I can't find the address online. I need to buy my wife a sandwich there for our anniversary.
- **Sales**: A sandwich? That's not very romantic.
- **Vikram**: Well, we shared a sandwich there on our first date.
- **Sales**: You kept this napkin for twenty years?!
- **Vikram**: Yes! I have loved her since we shared that sandwich.
- **Sales**: OK... maybe that is romantic.
