---
lang: zh-CN
title: A True Expert
description: some description
---

# A True Expert

Oscar and Vikram are shopping at a flea market.

- **Vikram**: Oscar, I finally found the painting I want to buy for my living room! You're the art expert. Do you approve?
- **Oscar**: Absolutely not! Your wife sent me to make sure you didn't buy something boring or hideous.
  - And this one's both! The painting is boring, and the frame is **hideous**.
- **Vikram**: No, it's not!
- **Oscar**: But it's just a simple painting of a man and woman in front of a barn.
- **Vikram**: But they're in love. That's so sweet!
- **Oscar**: How do you know they're in love? Maybe they're just friends.
- **Vikram**: OK, even if they're just friends, I still like this painting.
- **Oscar**: Sorry, if I let you buy that, your wife will never trust me again!

The vendor approaches Vikram.

- **Vendor**: Hello, are you interested in this painting?
- **Vikram**: Yes! How much is it?
- **Vendor**: $100.
- **Vikram**: Perfect! I'd love to —
- **Oscar**: Absolutely not!
  - Vikram, I'm the expert here, so I'm going to negotiate.
  - How about $10? Do we have a deal?
- **Vendor**: $85 is my final offer.
- **Oscar**: Sir, we're leaving!

Oscar **dramatically** grabs Vikram's arm and leads him away.

- **Vikram**: What are you doing?!
- **Oscar**: Don't worry. If they see you walk away, they always lower the price to get you to come back.
- **Vikram**: But look, someone else is interested in my painting!

Another customer approaches the vendor and picks up the painting. Vikram runs over to her as she pays for it.

- **Vikram**: Wait! Don't buy that painting. I'll pay $200 for it!
- **Woman**: Oh, did you want this painting?

The woman removes the painting from the frame and hands it to Vikram.

- **Vikram**: You're giving me the painting for free?
- **Woman**: Sure, I only want the frame because it's worth thousands of dollars!
- **Oscar**: What?
- **Woman**: It's a valuable antique, but only a true expert would know that.

---

### Vocabulary

- Hideous: 极难看的
- negotiate: 讲价
