---
lang: zh-CN
title: The Art of Persuasion - B2
description: some description
---

# The Art of Persuasion - B2

A Book Review by Junior

After reading the book "The Art of Persuasion: Get What You Want," I'm now certain that I can get what I want in any situation!

For example, last week, my dad wanted me to clean my room. I'd already planned to clean it because it was dirty - even for my standards.

**Thanks to** Chapter 2, **Never Do Something for Nothing**, I learned that I could clean my room and convince my dad to buy me pizza in return.

Then, a few days later, my babysitter Zari wanted me to go to bed.

However, I was about to defeat an army of zombies in my video game.

**With what I learned from** Chapter 10, You Can't Argue with Facts, I made up facts about how video games improve children's **reflexes**.

As a result, she let me stay up until 10 p.m. playing video games that night!

Without a doubt, my biggest victory was when I went to Vikram's bakery and ordered a cookie.

**I followed the advice** in Chapter 12, **Flatter** for Success, and complimented Vikram by saying it was the best cookie I'd ever eaten (even though I've had better). As a result, Vikram gave me another cookie for free!

Long story short: this book is clearly essential for anyone who has ever wanted anything!

## Sentences

- 根据我从第十章《事实不容争辩》中学到的内容，我编造了一些关于电子游戏如何提高儿童反应能力的“事实”。
  - With what I learned from Chapter 10, You Can't Argue with Facts, I made up facts about how video games improve children's **reflexes**.
- 长话短说：这本书对任何曾经渴望得到什么东西的人来说都是必不可少的！
  - Long story short: this book is clearly essential for anyone who has ever wanted anything!
- With that I learned from Chapter 10...”
  - Better phrased as:
    - _With what I learned from Chapter 10..._ or
    - _Using what I learned from Chapter 10..._

## Vocabulary

- reflex: 英 /'riːfleks/, 美 /'riflɛks/ _n._ 反应能力；反射作用
