---
lang: zh-CN
title: The Great Baking Show
description: some description
---

# The Great Baking Show

Vikram and his friend, Lin, are at a TV studio. They are having an **audition** for a new baking show.

- **Vikram**: Thanks for being my assistant today, Lin.
- **Lin**: No problem! I know how important this is to you. And I brought some extra ingredients to help us win.
- **Vikram**: What?! If we want to succeed, we need to follow my recipe exactly.
- **Lin**: Trust me, I watch a lot of baking shows. If you want to win, you have to do something special!

The producer **makes an announcement**.

- **Producer**: You have one hour to bake your cakes. Go!
- **Vikram**: Please follow my recipe, Lin! Just add the flour and sugar...

Lin adds the flour and sugar — and some small pieces of cheese.

- **Vikram**: No!
- **Lin**: Cheese will make this cake much more interesting.
- **Vikram**: I don't want an interesting cake!
- **Lin**: And I added **beet juice**. It's bright red!
- **Vikram**: Lin!
- **Producer**: Bakers! It's time to put your cakes in the oven.
- **Vikram**: Maybe it will be OK ...

While the cake bakes, Lin puts a scarf around Vikram's neck.

- **Lin**: If you want to be on TV, then you need to look cool.
- **Vikram**: We need to pay attention to the cake. I don't want it to burn ... Oh no!

Vikram takes the cake out of the oven. It's on fire.

- **Lin**: Use the scarf!

Vikram uses the scarf to stop the fire. The scarf catches on fire **as** the producers laugh.

- **Vikram**: Oh no, they're laughing at us. We should just go.

Vikram gets ready to leave, but the producer stops him.

- **Producer**: Don't go! We want you to be on our show!
- **Lin**: Really?
- **Vikram**: But we burned our cake ...
- **Producer**: Yes, but you and Lin are so fun to watch!

## Sentences

- 维克拉姆用围巾扑灭火焰。围巾着火了，制片人们笑了起来。
  - Vikram uses the scarf to stop the fire. The scarf catches on fire **as** the producers laugh.
