---
lang: zh-CN
title: The New Coach - B2
description: some description
---

# The New Coach - B2

"Local Coach Leads Team to Unbelievable Losses"

By Bryan Bell, Our Town Weekly

The local youth soccer team was known for winning every game over the last three years. However, when longtime coach Eddy left this season, things changed dramatically.

Eddy was replaced with an unusual choice: the local high school art and drama teacher, Oscar.

Coach Oscar has surprised the community with his interesting approach to soccer, which resulted in the team losing every game this season.

- **Oscar**: I can't stand sports or watching people play them.
  - I find it boring and uninspiring.
  - said Coach Oscar

It's not surprising, then, that the team was confused by his coaching style.

One player named Tommy said:

- **Tommy**: We don't actually play soccer at our practices anymore.
  - Instead, Coach Oscar makes us imagine being a soccer ball or sometimes even a tree.
  - It's really annoying.

In years past, parents would pick up sweaty, exhausted children from practice.

Last week, they were shocked to find the team wearing cat costumes, putting on an original musical.

Parents assumed this was to help the players work together better on the field. However, when questioned, Coach Oscar just shook his head and replied:

- **Oscar**: I wrote a musical, and I wanted to hear it out loud.
  - Is that a crime?

The parents of the soccer team noted that the search for a new coach is in progress.

## Sentences

上周，他们震惊地发现团队穿着猫咪服装，在表演一部原创音乐剧。

- Last week, they were shocked to find the team wearing cat costumes, **putting on an original musical**.

## Vocabulary

- sweaty: 大汗淋漓的
