---
lang: zh-CN
title: The New Oven
description: some description
---

# The New Oven

Vikram arrives at his bakery and sees his employee Lin cleaning an old, **rusty** oven. She smiles proudly when she sees Vikram.

- **Vikram**: What's this? You were supposed to buy a new oven to replace the one you broke yesterday. This is a used oven.
- **Lin**: It's used, but it still works! And it was $500 cheaper than a new oven.
  - We can use the money I saved to buy a TV. Then I can watch movies at work.
- **Vikram**: But it smells awful!
- **Lin**: I'm still cleaning it. Trust me, this was a great deal.

Later that day, Lin is baking **cupcakes** in the kitchen when Vikram enters.

- **Vikram**: Lin, this oven is making the whole bakery smell like fish!
- **Lin**: It's not that bad.

Suddenly, a stray cat jumps onto the counter.

- **Vikram**: The smell is **attracting** **stray cats**!
- **Lin**: They just like the smell of your delicious cupcakes.

Five more cats enter the kitchen.

- **Lin**: Actually, this is great. We can finally start a cat cafe!
  - We'll make even more money **in addition to** the $500 I already saved.
- **Vikram**: Lin, we're not starting a cat cafe. Please just clean the oven again. I'll get the cats out of here.
- **Lin**: Fine.

As Vikram tries to catch the cats, Lin **sprays** **air freshener** into the oven.

- **Vikram**: Be careful. The oven is still on!

Suddenly, a fire starts inside the oven.

- **Vikram**: Oh no!

Vikram rushes to get the **fire extinguisher** and quickly puts out the fire.

Later, Lin and Vikram watch as a repairman **inspects** the oven.

- **Man**: The fire damaged the inside of the oven, and it needs a new door.
- **Vikram**: Can you fix it?
- **Man**: Of course. It will cost $1000.
- **Lin**: It's a good thing I saved us that $500!

## Vocabulary

- Rusty:
- Cupcakes: 纸杯蛋糕
- stray cat: 流浪猫
- In addition to: 除了~之外
- Air freshener:空气清新剂
- Sprays: 喷
- inspect: 检查
