---
lang: zh-CN
title: The Rival Coach - B2
description: some description
---

# The Rival Coach - B2

Eddy is coaching **a kids' soccer team** at the park when the rival team's coach, Edyth, approaches him.

- **Edyth**: Nice **tracksuit**, Eddy. You have good taste. I'm sorry my team is going to beat yours — again.
- **Eddy**: Just because my team has lost to your team the last nine times we've played doesn't mean we'll lose today.
  - This time we'll win and be the best in the **league**!

An hour later, the match ends in a tie.

- **Eddy**: No! We almost won!

Later, Eddy enters a pizza shop with his team and is surprised to find Edyth and her team.

- **Eddy**: Huh? I've brought my team here after every game we've had this year. This is our place!
- **Edyth**: No, this place is only for the best team in the league - which is mine!
- **Eddy**: Well, I know a way for us to decide who's best. Let's play table tennis!
- **Edyth**: Don't be childish.
- **Eddy**: Are you ... afraid?

Edyth suddenly looks very serious.

- **Edyth**: Let's play.

Edyth hits the ball to Eddy and he hits it back. They play **intensely** until a waitress interrupts.

- **Waitress**: Did someone order a mushroom and pineapple pizza?
- **Edyth**: I did!
- **Eddy**: Wait. You like mushroom and pineapple pizza, too?
- **Edyth**: Of course! It's the perfect combination of **salty and sweet**.
- **Eddy**: Exactly!

They look at each other, and both slowly start to smile.

- **Eddy**: We have more in common than I thought.
- **Edyth**: I suppose so.

Suddenly, one of Eddy's players runs over to Eddy.

- **Girl**: Coach Eddy, are you going to win the table tennis game for our team?

Eddy smiles at Edyth.

- **Eddy**: I think we're both really good. Why don't we end the game in a tie?
  - But we should play another time, Edyth.
- **Edyth**: OK. I hope to beat you next time.
- **Eddy**: I'd like that.

## Writing

### Do you think Eddy and Edyth would be a good couple? Why or why not?

Personally I think they can be friends. But to be a good couple, that doesn't have information, so actually I should say no. Eddy is not good at understanding women, so they might not be a good couple.

Personally **,** I think they can be friends. But to be a good couple, **they do not** have **good communication**, so actually I should say no. Eddy is not good at understanding women, so they might not be a good couple.

---

Personally speaking, I don't think there is enough information shows they will be a good couple, but they can be good friends. They have a lot in common, so they will have a lot of topics to communicate. But as a couple, it need more than that.

Personally speaking, I don't think there is enough information **to show that** they will be a good couple, but they can be good friends. They have a lot in common, so they will have a lot of topics to communicate **about**. But as a couple, it **needs** more than that.

---

Personally I don't think they would be a good couple, though they could be good friends. They have something in common, which means they may become friends, but there is not enough information to suggest they would be a good couple.

## Vocabulary

- intensely: 激烈地
