---
lang: zh-CN
title: The Videotape
description: some description
---

# The Videotape

Eddy brings his son, Junior, home from school.

- **Eddy**: How was school today?
- **Junior**: Terrible! The teacher gave me a big part in a play.
- **Eddy**: That's great!
- **Junior**: No! I'm very nervous!
- **Eddy**: Acting is easy! I was the star of a play when I was your age.
  - I was nervous, too. But it was fun.
- **Junior**: I don't know...
- **Eddy**: It was recorded on videotape. Do you want to watch it?
- **Junior**: Sure! What's a videotape?

Eddy searches in the closet.

- **Eddy**: Here, this is a videotape!
- **Junior**: How do we turn it on?
- **Eddy**: Haha, you watch it with a VCR!
  - But I don't have one.

Eddy and Junior go to Lucy's apartment.

- **Eddy**: Lucy, do you have a VCR?
- **Lucy**: No. I watch movies on my laptop, like a normal person.
- **Eddy**: We want to watch a play I was in.
- **Junior**: My dad was the star!
- **Lucy**: Ha, I want to see that. Let's ask Bea.

Eddy, Junior, and Lucy go to Bea's apartment.

- **Eddy**: Bea, you make videos! Can you play this videotape?
- **Bea**: Hmm... I don't have a VCR, but Lily might. She loves old movies.

They go to Lily's apartment.

- **Bea**: Lily, do you have a VCR?
- **Lucy**: We want to watch this videotape of Eddy in a school play.
- **Lily**: Of course. Old technology is cool. Also, that sounds **hilarious**.

They sit down in Lily's living room and watch the videotape.

- **Eddy**: That's me!
- **Lucy**: Is that you singing?
- **Eddy**: No. I'm behind the kid who is singing!
- **Lily**: You're the kid wearing the tree costume?
- **Eddy**: Yeah.
- **Bea**: But you said you were the star.
- **Eddy**: I felt like I was.
- **Lucy**: What part do you have in your play, Junior?
- **Junior**: I'm playing a rock.
- **Eddy**: Awesome! My son's going to be a star!
