---
lang: zh-CN
title: Eddy's Dating Profile - B2
description: some description
---

# Eddy's Dating Profile - B2

**About me**

Hi, I'm Eddy, a single dad and a fun guy. I like to hike, eat pizza, and work out - sometimes all at the same time!

If I look familiar, it's probably because you've seen me on all the other dating apps. :)

**The thing I'm most proud of**

I once ran a mile in four minutes after eating **thirty** hot dogs. My son Junior didn't believe that I could do it, so I wanted to prove him wrong.

So, essentially, I'm most proud of my son, Junior, who pushes me to be a better version of myself.

**How my friends and family describe me**

- Bea: In my opinion, he probably wouldn't be single if he'd just stop wearing **tracksuits** and **sweatbands** all the time.
- Junior: You can get him to do anything if you **dare** him to do it!
- Oscar: Eddy is ... my co-worker.

**My secret talent is**

**Optimism**! In the past, if a woman didn't call me back after a first date I always felt **devastated**.

But now, I always hope that my dates will call back eventually - no matter how badly the first date went. My friends call this "unrealistic" and "**deluded**," but I prefer to call it "**optimistic**"!

**If I were extremely rich**

I would solve world hunger!

Also, I would replace all the stairs in my apartment building with waterslides.

## Sentences

- 如果你敢激他去做，你可以让他做任何事！
  - You can get him to do anything if you dare him to do it!

## Vocabulary

- Dare: 激
- Optimism: 乐观
- Devastated: 极为烦乱的
- Deluded: 妄想
- waterslides: 水滑梯
