---
lang: zh-CN
title: Great Food, Bad Service - B2
description: some description
---

# Great Food, Bad Service - B2

Latest customer reviews for Vikram's bakery

- Priya - 3 days ago, 3/5 stars
  - Vikram's **exceptional** baked goods are always delicious, but to be honest, I don't recommend getting them delivered.
  - The delivery person, Lin, arrived an hour after the scheduled delivery time.
  - Plus, I only received nine muffins out of the twelve I ordered. She told me a goose attacked her and ate three muffins. The crumbs on her face suggested otherwise.
  - On the other hand, the owner, Vikram, was so attentive! After I told him what happened, he gave me a dozen free cookies!
  - Therefore, I'd recommend this bakery - as long as you're not in a rush.
- Julio - 2 weeks ago, 4/5 stars
  - It took me fifteen calls to get through to Vikram's bakery! The employee in charge of answering phones told me she only picks up when she "remembers there's a phone."
  - In contrast to this horrible experience, the cake Vikram made for my party was the best I've ever had.
  - I'd call another fifteen times in order to taste that cake again!
- Marguerite - 1 month ago, 5/5 stars
  - I love ordering from Vikram's bakery because you never know what you're going to get. Once, I ordered a cinnamon roll, but Lin delivered a dozen donuts instead.
  - Another time, I ordered a dozen donuts and received a wedding cake! I hope Lin messes up my order every time. I'd give Lin six stars if I could!

## Sentences

- 而且，我只收到了十二个松饼中的九个。她告诉我有只鹅袭击了她，吃掉了三个松饼。但她脸上的碎屑似乎说明了另一种情况。
  - Plus, I only received nine **muffins** out of the twelve I ordered. She told me a goose attacked her and ate three muffins. The **crumbs** on her face suggested otherwise.
