---
lang: zh-CN
title: Section
description: some description
---

## Cat Sitting - B2

Bea arrives at her friend Lin's apartment with a cat.

- **Bea**: Thanks for watching my roommate's cat, Potato, while I'm on my business trip.
- **Lin**: Is it too late to change my mind?
- **Bea**: Yes. And remember not to leave him alone. Otherwise, he'll get into trouble.
- **Lin**: But I'm working on my **memoir** this weekend.
- **Bea**: Lin, we both know you're going to watch a Motorcycle Warriors marathon instead.

Lin groans. Bea leaves as Potato takes Lin's **spot** on the couch.

- **Lin**: That's my spot!

As Lin tries to move Potato, he jumps up and knocks over a sculpture.

- **Lin**: That's my grandma's favorite sculpture. Her friend Pablo made it!

As Lin tries to glue the sculpture back together, Potato knocks over Lin's bowl of popcorn.

- **Lin**: Potato, you're so annoying.

As Lin cleans up the popcorn, Potato steps on the TV remote, changing the channel.

- **Lin**: Potato, no! They're about to declare a winner!

Frightened, Potato runs away and **trips over** the TV **cord**, which knocks the TV over.

- **Lin**: Ugh, unbelievable! That's it. We're not friends anymore, Potato!

Lin calls Bea and leaves a voicemail.

- **Lin**: Potato broke the TV! You need to come back now, or I'm getting someone else to watch him!

The next day, Bea returns. She finds Lin and Potato happily napping together next to Lin's laptop.

- **Bea**: Lin! I canceled the rest of my trip, and now you like Potato?!
- **Lin**: After the TV broke, I had to start working on my memoir. I wrote a lot since Potato wouldn't let me go anywhere.

Potato **rolls onto** Lin's keyboard and presses the delete key. Suddenly, Lin's screen goes blank.

- **Lin**: Potato, no! You deleted everything I wrote!

## Sentences

- Lin，我们都知道你最终还是会去看*摩托勇士*马拉松的。
  - Lin, we both know you're going to watch a Motorcycle Warriors marathon instead.
- Lin 呻吟了一声。Bea 离开了，而 Potato 坐到了 Lin 在沙发上的位置。
  - Lin groans. Bea leaves as Potato takes Lin's **spot** on the couch.
- 吓坏了的 Potato 逃跑时**被**电视线**绊倒**，导致**电视机倒下**。
  - Frightened, Potato runs away and **trips over** the TV **cord**, which knocks the TV over.
- Potato 滚到了 Lin 的键盘上，并按下了删除键。
  - Potato rolls onto Lin's keyboard and presses the delete key.

## Vocabulary

- Memoir: 英 /'memwɑː/, 美 /'mɛmwɑr/ 回忆录
- Warriors: 英 /ˈwɒriə(r)/, 美 /ˈwɔːriər/ 勇士们
- Groans: 发出抱怨声
- Spot: 位置
- to glue: 粘贴
- Cord: 线
