---
lang: zh-CN
title: Checking In
description: some description
---

# Checking In

Bea runs through the airport. She is carrying a heavy suitcase and trying to get through the crowd.

- **Bea**: Excuse me! Sorry, I'm late!

Bea arrives at the **check-in desk**.

- **Bea**: Hello! Can I still check in for my flight?
- **Man**: Maybe. Where are you going?
- **Bea**: Hawaii! I'm so excited! My friends are getting married!
- **Man**: That's wonderful. You have fifteen minutes. You can still get on the flight.
- **Bea**: Great! Whew, I'm not usually late!
  - I just have to check this bag.
- **Man**: I'm sorry. It's too late to check your bag.
- **Bea**: What? You just said I can still get on my flight!
- **Man**: You can. But not your bag.
- **Bea**: But I need to be on this flight!
- **Man**: Sorry. Those are the rules.
- **Bea**: Ugh! I can't miss this wedding!
- **Man**: Maybe your friends will take some good pictures.

Bea takes a deep breath. Then she gets an idea.

- **Bea**: If I can't check a bag, then I won't check a bag.
- **Man**: Finally, you understand.

Bea opens up her suitcase.

- **Man**: Excuse me, ma'am?

Bea puts on a swimsuit over her outfit. Then she puts on another one.

- **Bea**: Ugh, why did I pack so many swimsuits?!
- **Man**: What are you doing?
- **Bea**: I'm going to wear all of my clothes on the plane.
  - There are no rules about that, right?

Next, Bea puts on two shirts, a pair of jeans, a formal dress, and an enormous hat. Her suitcase is now empty.

- **Man**: You still can't take that suitcase on the plane.
- **Bea**: It's OK. You can keep it.
- **Man**: Is there anything else I can help you with?
- **Bea**: Can you get me a ride to the gate? I can't move.

Bea packed a lot of clothes! In your opinion, what is better, traveling light or traveling with many things? Why?

I prefer to **travel** with many things. It's more comfortable. If I take little things I'd rather not travel.

## Sentences

- 如果我带的东西太少，我宁愿不旅行。
  - "If I take little things I'd rather not travel."
  - This sentence is awkward and unclear. It likely intends to say:
    **"If I bring too few things, I’d rather not travel."**
