---
lang: zh-CN
title: Cousin Lou - B2
description: some description
---

# Cousin Lou - B2

Lin is napping on the couch when Lucy enters with Lin's cousin, Lou. He's carrying a suitcase.

- **Lou**: Thanks for letting me stay here this weekend. Where's your bathroom?
- **Lucy**: It's down the hall.
- **Lin**: Why is Lou staying here? I was planning on spending the weekend watching the last few episodes of "Chef Island"! I can't wait to see who wins.
- **Lucy**: Too bad. He's staying on the couch.
- **Lin**: But this is my couch.
- **Lucy**: Yes, he'll be sleeping on the couch and eating all your food. You'll finally know what it's like to live with someone like you!
- **Lin**: Are you trying to teach me a lesson?
- **Lucy**: Definitely.

Lou drops his suitcase on the couch and opens the fridge.

- **Lucy**: Help yourself to some ice cream, Lou.
- **Lin**: Hey, that's my dinner!
- **Lucy**: Let him have it! He's our guest.

Lou grabs **a container of ice cream** and sits next to Lin.

- **Lucy**: Get comfortable, Lou. Take off your shoes!

Lin puts "Chef Island" on the TV as Lou kicks off his shoes.

- **Lou**: This is my favorite show!
- **Lin**: Really? Mine too! I've been avoiding **spoilers** about the winner all week!
- **Lou**: Lucy, could you make us some snacks?
- **Lin**: Whoa, I was just going to say that! You're actually kind of cool, Lou.
- **Lucy**: You're both old enough to make your own snacks.
- **Lin**: But Lou is our guest! We should make him feel comfortable.

Annoyed, Lucy throws a bag of chips at Lin's head. Lin catches it.

- **Lin**: It looks like your lesson failed, Grandma.
- **Lou**: I loved this season! Can you believe Hasan lost for lying about his spaghetti recipe and Sarah won?!
- **Lin**: Sarah won?! Lou, you spoiled my favorite show!
- **Lucy**: I guess you've learned your lesson after all.

## Vocabulary

- Spoiler: 剧透
